I'm starting to now
ok
we're trying to think of where we got oh
wait oh 604 where the hell's ours we
don't have a counter what's right here
to go down I don't know okay nice to
meet you we're 70 you like it before six
o'clock must be they will pay for you in
front rooms and are gonna run your rooms
if they let me say this over here sorry
to a 1030 wait wait this right here yeah
here's our Kevin yeah we got the weary
Kevin let's see what it looks like
that's good nice and cool it's less more
than I thought it was oh we have a video
brain washing bangla at oh we have a
window sweet cool yeah with my luggage
we just want this yeah I didn't even
wait
okay don't leave my house okay just
about Miss housekeeping on the telephone
Oh cabin is a small difference in your
photo and not only want you to make it
you review the food instructions on
content in case the smoke detector is
attended a droid army plumbing
performing a restaurant inside directory
I don't know each cabin okay because the
lesbian world in order to achieve our
best should not have it with song i know
we have access to the fridge though
because i have about our wine in the
equipment that has been yeah
grammatically in an emergency yeah yeah
it's gonna put their whining wish your
smoke detectors serious violations
coming to me far from you okay so as
long as we put everything back in the
fridge before checkout we won't get paid
on the trademark on the last day I'm
gonna look I Abby she's never stood on
the back of my main you can just for
safety reasons they've been after you I
else in the room okay
just leave your life jacket but we had a
person with my to muster station under
to me so every week oh miss choksondik
put on your lower channel due to record
remember to bring any central
medications you may have true if you are
not near your cabin when the general
researching oh ok how likely to your
possession yeah ended up signing up
together I'm going our separate like you
could yeah usually know which one you
get solutions desk Crawford an object 32
yahoo this is the advice a little bit of
our Guardians Rangers or eating during
the safety briefing is strictly
prohibited looking fire is especially
dangerous emotions Jennifer this
Jennifer post everyone in here too funky
mosquitoes an injury leaves thank God
think they're dead I think refrain from
throwing any I alpha board and
e-cigarettes and polishes which can